thank you for tuning in to the video
today this is chris comin atcha and
today we're going to be talking about
using your keyboard to get things done
faster and i love this tip because
whenever i've helped people in the
computer whether is it help desk or
whether i was with my friends or family
they'd always seen me doing going all
over the computer with only the keyboard
I never touched a mouse and they thought
that was magical they'd always ask me
wow how did you do that so I'm going to
talk about how I do it but also using
your keyboard and not ever go into your
mouth will actually save you a ton of
time and you'll get things done way
faster so let's go ahead and jump right
into the video control Z is the undo
function and you're going to find
yourself using this quite a bit so I
have a word file in front of me then
let's say that this is some kind of
paper that you're working on for work or
school and say you're editing your
document you decide to take out you know
four pages worth of text and then you
delete it and then when you really think
about what you just did you think
yourself oh no I just deleted four pages
worth of my report well that's when the
undo function comes in and to do undo
with the mouse you just go up to edit
and click undo however without having to
take the time to grab your mouse you
could just hold down on the control
button and press Z and it'll magically
reappear
a really fast way to highlight text
instead of having to down click in keep
dragging with your mouse is to simply go
up to the Edit menu and click select all
or an even faster way is to use your
control buttons and simply hold down
ctrl and press a
copy is a command that people use all
the time that these copy most people
just highlight the text they want to
copy then right-click on their mouse and
press copy and it sends that text to the
clipboard so it can be pasted into
another place on your computer like
another document but another way that
you could do it is to highlight your
text hold down the control button and
press C and you can see it just sent
that text to the clipboard another
command that's used quite a bit is cut
it's real similar to copy and at a quick
way to do the cut command is to hold
down on the control button and press X
now I'll show you a really fast way to
paste the anything that you've copied or
cut so I'm just going to take this
paragraph here in one document and I'm
going to paste into this other document
by holding down the control button then
press a V now let's say that I want to
save this document that i just created i
could go up to file and press save or
save as or i could even just click the
small disc which is also safe but the
fastest way for me is to hold down the
control button and press s and then it
prompts me for a place to save it and
the name
let's go ahead and throw all this
together now this word document is a 215
page document that i downloaded off the
internet and it's actually someone's a
thesis that they wrote for their
university education and I just happened
to download it off the internet and
let's say out of all 215 pages that this
section is the one that I want to use
the most so what I'm going to do is just
highlight the information that I want to
use and then i'm going to hold down on
control c and open up my new document
press ctrl v then ctrl s to save the
document i'm just going to call this
useful info hit enter to save it and i'm
done